[ISSUE 606] Discard signatures from jar file that was mutated (#607)
eclipse/transformer: maven-plugins/transformer-maven-plugin/README.md

|`immediates` | A list of immediate options. |
|`invert` | If `true`, invert the rename rules. _Defaults to `false`_. |
|`overwrite` | If `true`, the items which transform to the same path as an existing item overwrite the existing item. _Defaults to `false`_. |
|`widen` | If `true`, by default, archive nesting is restricted to JavaEE active locations. This may be relaxed to enable JAR and ZIP within JAR, ZIP within ZIP, and ZIP within EAR, WAR, and RAR. _Defaults to `false`_. |
|`jakartaDefaults` | If `true`, the Jakarta rule defaults are included. _Defaults to `false`_. |

> |`strip-signatures` | If `true`, signature files will be removed from signed JAR files. _Defaults to `false`_. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`stripSignatures` | If `true`, signature files will be removed from signed JAR files. _Defaults to `false`_. |
```

We use camel case for other options, not hyphens.
